This week was all
about word embeddings,
which capture the
meaning of words in
vectors that you can
use for both simple,
and advanced NLP applications.
You've covered a lot
of ground this week.
Let's reinforce your new
skills with some review,
and get excited for
the assignment.
In the final assignment,
you'll get to practice
all your new skills
this week, including
preparing data,
you'll read and tokenize a
corpus to build a vocabulary,
creating word representations,
mapping words to
indices and back,
and converting these
indices to one-hot vectors.
Learning word
embeddings by creating
a continuous bag of words model.
You will build a neural network
for the model, train it,
and extracts the resulting
word embedding vectors,
visualizing the word
embedding vectors
as a form of
intrinsic evaluation.
After completing the assignments,
you will then be
well-equipped to move on to
more advanced language modeling
and word embedding approaches.
These sophisticated
approaches supports
out of vocabulary words,
and are better at capturing
the multiple possible
meanings of words.
These capabilities are essential
for real-world
applications of NLP.
Finally, you should know
that even though you're
implementing everything from
scratch for this assignment,
in the real-world, you
will often use NLP
and machine learning libraries
to do all the heavy lifting.
Take some time to
explore these libraries.
It's time well-spent.
Specifically, for word embedding,
the keras and PyTorch
libraries enable you to add
an embedding layer in
the neural network using
a single line of code.
Other libraries like Trax
also allow you to do so.
Well, congratulations on
reaching the end of this course.
This was a lot of
complex material,
and you should feel pride
in your accomplishments.
Best of luck in the assignments,
and most importantly, have fun.
I'll see you in the next course
for more natural
language processing.
Congratulations on
finishing this week.
You now not only know how
to use words vectors,
but you also know how to
train them from scratch.
This is a useful skill to have.